Detail Ubuntu OS requirement (#4)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: requirements.md

After registering to Anbox Cloud, you should have received an [Ubuntu Advantage for Applications](https://ubuntu.com/advantage) token. If you haven't received one, please contact [support](https://support.canonical.com/) or your Canonical account representative as you'll need it to deploy Anbox Cloud.

## Ubuntu OS

> Anbox Cloud is only supported on the [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) operating system. Other Linux based operating systems are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anbox Cloud is supported only on the [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) operating system. Other Linux-based operating systems are not supported.
```

> You have to run eiehter the [server](https://ubuntu.com/download/server) or [cloud](https://ubuntu.com/download/cloud) variant of Ubuntu. Running Anbox Cloud on a Ubuntu desktop installation is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must run either the [server](https://ubuntu.com/download/server) or the [cloud](https://ubuntu.com/download/cloud) variant of Ubuntu. Running Anbox Cloud on a Ubuntu Desktop installation is not supported.
```

 - **etcd**: https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4.0/op-guide/hardware/
 - **HAProxy** (load balancer for the Stream Gateway and the dashboard): https://www.haproxy.com/documentation/hapee/latest/installation/getting-started/os-hardware/#hardware-requirements
 

> Please note that these are just baselines and should be adapted to your worload. No matter the application, [measuring performances](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/monitoring/monitoring-installation) is always important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that these are just baselines and should be adapted to your workload. No matter the application, [measuring performances](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/monitoring/monitoring-installation) is always important.
```

Reviewer: Just saw this text hasn't changed. Let's ignore for now, I'll fix it with other typos in the docs. :)
